impr: PD-6290 Update documentation to include references for AWS and Azure (#105)
cloudconformity/documentation-api: Filtering.md

| `filter.resourceTypes`  | An array of resource types. e.g. for AWS ["kms-key", "ec2-instance"], for Azure ["active-directory-users"] <br /><br />For more information about services, please refer to [Cloud Conformity ResourceTypes Endpoint](https://us-west-2.cloudconformity.com/v1/resource-types) |
| `filter.regions`  | An array of valid region strings. e.g. for AWS ["us-west-1", "us-west-2"], for Azure ["eastus", "westus"] <br /><br /> For more information about regions, please refer to [Cloud Conformity Region Endpoint](https://us-west-2.cloudconformity.com/v1/regions) |
| `filter.ruleIds`  | An array of rule ids. e.g. ["EC2-001", "S3-001"]<br /><br />For more information about services, please refer to [Cloud Conformity Services Endpoint](https://us-west-2.cloudconformity.com/v1/services) |
| `filter.tags`  | An array of any assigned metadata tags to your resources |
| `filter.text`  | Filter by resource Id, rule title or message. A string. e.g "john", "s3" or "write" |
| `filter.createdLessThanDays`  | Only show checks created less than X days ago. Number. e.g. 5. |

> | `filter.categories`  | An array of category (Conformity's Five Rule categories) strings from the following:<br /> security \| cost-optimisation \| operational-excellence \| reliability  \| performance-efficiency <br />|

Reviewer: As we don't necessarily know if this will always stay 5 categories and we don't want to always update this
```suggestion
| `filter.categories`  | An array of category (Conformity category) strings from the following:<br /> security \| cost-optimisation \| operational-excellence \| reliability  \| performance-efficiency <br />|
```

Author: If we change one of the five rules later on, or change the categories altogether, would we need to edit that list of strings? (i.e. security | cost-optimisation | operational-excellence )

Reviewer: We would, but for the sake of consistency with other doc updates, there is no mention of the Five Rule. Additionally, there's less things to change.
